Rework README (#2575)
TuringLang/Turing.jl: README.md

<a href="https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/actions/workflows/Tests.yml"><img src="https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/actions/workflows/Tests.yml/badge.svg" alt="Tests" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/TuringLang/Turing.jl?branch=main"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/TuringLang/Turing.jl/badge.svg?branch=main" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor%27s%20Guide-blueviolet" alt="ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages" /></a>
</p>

## 🚀 Get started

Install Julia (see [the official Julia website](https://julialang.org/install/); you will need at least Julia 1.10 will be required for the latest version of Turing.jl.
Then, launch a Julia REPL and run:

```julia
julia> using Pkg; Pkg.add("Turing")
```

You can define models using the `@model` macro, and then perform Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling using the `sample` function:

```julia
julia> using Turing

julia> @model function my_first_model(data)
           mean ~ Normal(0, 1)

>            sd ~ Exponential(1)

Reviewer: `HalfCauchy` is a better prior than `Exponential` or `InverseGamma`. See:

On the Half-Cauchy Prior for a Global Scale Parameter
Nicholas G. Polson, James G. Scott
Bayesian Analysis
[link](https://projecteuclid.org/journals/bayesian-analysis/volume-7/issue-4/On-the-Half-Cauchy-Prior-for-a-Global-Scale-Parameter/10.1214/12-BA730.full)

Author: Thanks for the link! Changed to a truncated Cauchy now.

```

For more information about how to use the features of Turing.jl, and a number of example applications, please see the main TuringLang documentation at [**https://turinglang.org**](https://turinglang.org).

API documentation for Turing.jl is specifically available at [**https://turinglang.org/Turing.jl/stable**](https://turinglang.org/Turing.jl/stable/).

## 🛠️ Contributing

### Issues

If you find any bugs or unintuitive behaviour when using Turing.jl, please do [open an issue](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/issues)!
Please don't worry about finding the correct repository for the issue; we can migrate the issue to the appropriate repository if we need to.

### Pull requests

We are of course also very happy to receive pull requests.
If you are unsure about whether a particular feature would be welcome, you can open an issue for discussion first.

When opening a PR, non-breaking releases (patch versions) should target the `main` branch.
Breaking releases (minor version) should target the `breaking` branch.

If you have not received any feedback on an issue or PR for a while, please feel free to ping `@TuringLang/maintainers` in a comment.

### Discussions

> This repository also has a [Discussions page](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/discussions), where you can create discussions and ask questions about statistical applications and theory.

Reviewer: Better to remove Discussions in favour of issues / Slack / Julia Discourse.

Author: Removed

> [!WARNING]  
> The discussions page is not monitored often. We recommend you open an issue (for bugs or feature requests) or to post on Discourse or Slack (for general Bayesian modelling questions).

## 💬 Other channels

The Turing.jl userbase tends to be most active on the [`#turing` channel of Julia Slack](https://julialang.slack.com/archives/CCYDC34A0).
If you do not have an invitation to Julia's Slack, you can get one from [the official Julia website](https://julialang.org/slack/).

There are also often threads on [Julia Discourse](https://discourse.julialang.org) (you can search using, e.g., [the `turing` tag](https://discourse.julialang.org/tag/turing)).

> We are most active on GitHub, but we do also keep an eye on both Slack and Discourse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed

For Turing.jl specifically, you can see a full changelog in [`HISTORY.md`](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/blob/main/HISTORY.md) or [our GitHub releases](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/releases).

## 🧩 Where does Turing.jl sit in the TuringLang ecosystem?

Turing.jl is the main entry point for users, and seeks to provide a unified, convenient interface to all of the functionality in the TuringLang (and broader Julia) ecosystem.

In particular, it takes the ability to specify probabilistic models with [DynamicPPL.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/DynamicPPL.jl), and combines it with a number of inference algorithms, such as:

  - Markov Chain Monte Carlo (both an abstract interface: [AbstractMCMC.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/AbstractMCMC.jl), and individual samplers, such as [AdvancedMH.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/AdvancedMH.jl), [AdvancedHMC.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/AdvancedHMC.jl), and more).
  - Variational inference using [AdvancedVI.jl](https://github.com/TuringLang/AdvancedVI.jl).

>   - Mode estimation techniques, which rely on SciML's [Optimization.jl interface](https://github.com/SciML/Optimization.jl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Maximum likelihood and maximum a posteriori estimation, which rely on SciML's [Optimization.jl interface](https://github.com/SciML/Optimization.jl).
```

> ## Citing Turing.jl

Author: I'm going to say no to this, for a couple of reasons:

1. This PR has dragged on for quite long. This doesn't strike me as something that's necessary for this PR (i.e., we _cannot_ merge without this), but rather a nice improvement to have. Thus, I would suggest that this be part of a separate PR.

2. There are probably at least a hundred papers that use Turing. I don't want to either list all of them, or pick a handful with the risk of make it seem like we endorse specific applications.

> ## Citing Turing.jl

Author: ok done

# Turing.jl
<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TuringLang/turinglang.github.io/refs/heads/main/assets/images/turing-logo.svg" alt="Turing.jl logo" width="200" /></p>
<h1 align="center">Turing.jl</h1>

[![Build Status](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/workflows/Turing-CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/actions?query=workflow%3ATuring-CI+branch%3Amain)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/TuringLang/Turing.jl/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/TuringLang/Turing.jl?branch=main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/TuringLang/Turing.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=OiUBsnDQqf)](https://codecov.io/gh/TuringLang/Turing.jl)

> [![ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages](https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor%27s%20Guide-blueviolet)](https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac)

Reviewer 2: I like badges!

**https://turinglang.org/Turing.jl/** specifically contains the API documentation for anything exported by Turing.jl.

## 🛠️ Contributing

### Issues

> 

Reviewer 3: What something like this still be useful, linking to releases and/or HISTORY.md?

If you find any bugs or unintuitive behaviour when using Turing.jl, please do [open an issue](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/issues)!
Please don't worry about finding the correct repository for the issue; we can migrate the issue to the appropriate repository if we need to.

### Pull requests

We are of course also very happy to receive pull requests.
If you are unsure about whether a particular feature would be welcome, you can open an issue for discussion first.

When opening a PR, non-breaking releases (patch versions) should target the `main` branch.
Breaking releases (minor version) should target the `breaking` branch.

If you have not received any feedback on an issue or PR for a while, please feel free to ping `@TuringLang/maintainers` in a comment.

### Discussions

This repository also has a [Discussions page](https://github.com/TuringLang/Turing.jl/discussions), where you can create discussions and ask questions about statistical applications and theory.

> In practice, we don't monitor this as often: you're more likely to get a response through an issue.

Reviewer 3: I'm not convinced having the discussions enabled really adds much value, and it splits similar information between two places. Would be a shame to lose the old discussions though.

Reviewer 2: +1 to what @mhauru has said. Maybe move some of the below lines up. Push more to use slack for what the discussion handles and issues for anything specifically wrong or needing enhanced?

Author: There are a few ways:

1. Leave as is (in which case this text can probably stay)

2. Move all discussions to issues and disable discussions

3. Transfer all discussions to a separate repo and disable discussions

Happy to go with whichever one. Personal preference is (2).

Reviewer 3: I'm happy with 1. or 2.

Author: Hong suggested to remove the text, so that's what has happened now.
